Just because something's hard to do. Doesn't mean it's good.
That's the whole thing, man. Wow. Impressive dancing.
I'm surprised that's not a, uh,
sport in the Olympics where they, they play the, the break dancing.
And then,
and then people are just like break dancing is just because you're good at
moving your body. Like a robot doesn't mean that that's.
Doesn't mean.
Just because it's hard to do doesn't mean it's good.
That's the number one. Break dance song. Pup, pup, pup, pup, pup,
pup puppet up.
In, in it. Knowing that no.
Palpable talk about king speech.
[Inaudible].
Well, no other podcasts will make that noise.
That's the number one. When you hear that, you're a break dancer dude.
Joe button, pump it up, dude. I loved that song.
My shoulders would start moving when I had that song, dude. Remember that?
No rap. Hey, rap videos never have an intro.
I'm all good. Oh, what's going to be, oh, there's going to be chicks around.
You're gonna be smoking. I'm blunt. I'm all good.
Bro. I'll take you back to 2009.
Come on with me, dude. He puts in a VHS tape dude. That's how you know it's on
no reason for this terrifying music. You know,
dude.
Everyone's a break. So when you put that on, pump a pump, pump, pump,
pump it up.
And it, none of that, no.
Came through when a baby,
some name of Danny beam send him Raymond and the baby a name,
but it doesn't matter what he's saying. The number one song.
Doesn't matter what he's saying, bro. You ever heard a this dude,
this is the number one. Doesn't matter. What the he saying song.
This is banging so hard. That it's so on. It's unbelievable.
[inaudible] Since from the second, second in the song, dude,
they were like, do you want the beat to go a little bit? And Ella Kodu was like,
nah, it's time to start. Not making sense dog.
They call me pig. LA. First of all, they don't
big pet big. No,
just immediate. No, they call me big LA. No,
they don't big Pele, big Salai, big Chile. When you're whipping in the MAs,
would you tell a, when you sip it into balls into Chile,
would it be this in a fall? In the backs.
They call me? No, they don't. No, they don't. No,
they don't. Nope.
One slot, one slot and in the mall. Can you hear me.
Dude? LL cool. J I found.
Out when I was a kid LL cool.
J stood for ladies. Love cool, James.
That was my first, uh, I was a kid and I went,
oh.
This podcast makes no sense. NPR.
Dude. They call me big LA.
They call me. Yeah dude. No they don't. And I love.
You LL cool. J they call me big LA. Call me big LA.
When you see me on the street, call me big Salai. I swear to God.
Call me big Salai. I'll kiss your mouth Corona virus or not Dick on your nut.
I don't give a. One time.
I took a picture off the side of the comedy store and a 65 year old woman said,
can I get a picture? And I said, sure. And gave her phone to another person.
They took a shot. And right before they took a shot,
she grabbed my real hard and honked it.
And I forgot about it for years.
That's how gangster I am. Dude.
They call me. No they don't. Yeah, they just showed.
Yeah, they do. I don't give a. Yeah,
they do one fire keeps telling me do ads,
but I'm on this LL cool J tip dude. They call me.
About when people do this dance, when they pretend like.
When they do like, oh.
When the guy comes to the circle and he pretends to pull his heart out and he's
not even touching his bro,
if you're a break dancer and everyone's doing the twisties and and they're on
their tailbone twisting around and on one hand and they do the thing where they
split the legs on one hand and they do a handstand. That's cool.
That's all fun and games. And that's great.
But when a guy comes up and does little baby, baby robot steps,
like a twisty, like one of those monkey symbol things, when they do the,
the twist and fun things. And when a guy comes up and does a little,
like he's a robot and then.
Makes his chest, not.
Concave, but what's the other pumps his chest with the, with the,
with the fingers without even touching it, bro. When a guy does that,
they call me that guy's big, Sally.
I swear to God, the guy who does that dance over, he goes, you go home.
You do one pump. Oh. He did it. That's it. Well, let's go home.
I don't care if we're at a, it doesn't matter. If we're at the dig concert,
stop, break, dancing, you know, spinning around, get a job.
These just spinning around 34 year old,
just spinning the around in loose fitting clothing.
Just how loose, Hey dancers, how loose can you get your clothes?
We get it through so many dancers dress in like Colby jerseys and like big sweat
pants that they got from like, oh, this, this, I paid $15 for it.
It really it's nothing. It's no big deal, but you're fashionable,
but you're not fashionable, but you're fashionable. All right. Big Salai
pro ELA coaches that I did a one. I did lip sync, battle. Forget it, dude,
that guy, you know what we were doing, you know what he would say?
We were doing clowning.